1.a. Print "Hello World"
  b. Getting Two values from the user and print
2. Print a multiplication table using a given number(using for loop)
3. Write a program to display numbers from a list that satisfy the following condition
   a. the number should be divisible by 5
   b. If number is greater 150 skip it and move to the following number
   c. If number>500 then stop  the loop
  (use break and continue)
4. Write a program to check whether given number is palindrome or not.
5. Write a program to display Fibonacci number up to a limit.
6. Write a program to perform the list operations where 
     list1=[34,10,56,28,10,5,20,32,96,85]
     list2=[18,20]
   a. append and extend list2 to list1
   b. insert 100 to the extended list at index 9
   c. sort the list using the function sort and sorted
   d. Remove duplicates from the list
   e. Find the average of the numbers in a list.(use sum and len functions)
   f. use functions pop, remove, del and clear in the list
7.Do the set of operations in tuple 
a)Write a Python program to create a tuple with 5 elements and print it.
b)Write a program to access the 3rd element of a tuple.
c)Write a program to find the length of a tuple.
d)Write a program to concatenate two tuples.
e)Write a program to repeat a tuple 3 times.
f)Write a program to check whether an element exists in a tuple.
g)Write a program to count the number of occurrences of an element in a tuple.
h)Write a program to slice a tuple and print elements from index 2 to 5.
i)Write a program to create a tuple with a single element.
8.Write a program to create a nested tuple and access its elements.
9.Write a program to sort a tuple.
10.Perform the below set operations
a)Write a program to perform union of two sets.
b)Write a program to perform intersection of two sets.
c)Write a program to perform difference between two sets.
d)Write a program to perform symmetric difference between two sets.
e)Write a program to perform intersection update of two sets.
11.Write a program to perform the following
a)Write a Python program to create a set with 5 elements and print it.
b)Write a program to add an element to a set.
c)Write a program to remove an element from a set.
d)Write a program to check whether an element exists in a set.
e)Write a program to find the length of a set.
f)Write a program to clear all elements from a set.
12.Perform the below string operations
a)Write a Python program to create a string and print it.
b)Write a program to find the length of a string.
c)Write a program to access the first and last character of a string.
d)Write a program to concatenate two strings.
e)Write a program to repeat a string multiple times.
f)Write a program to check whether a character is present in a string.
g)Write a program to check whether a string is a palindrome.
h)Write a program to count the number of words in a string.
i)Write a program to remove spaces from a string.
j)Write a program to count the number of vowels, consonants, uppercase, lowercase and special characters in a string.
13.Perform the following string functions
a)Write a program to demonstrate upper(), lower(), and title() methods.
b)Write a program to demonstrate strip(), lstrip(), and rstrip().
c)Write a program to demonstrate replace() method.
d)Write a program to demonstrate split() and join() methods.
e)Write a program to count occurrences of a substring using count().
f)Write a program to find the index of a substring using find().
14.Perform the following dictionary functions
a)Write a program to demonstrate get() method.
b)Write a program to demonstrate keys(), values(), and items().
c)Write a program to demonstrate pop() and popitem().
d)Write a program to demonstrate update() and add() method.
e)Write a program to demonstrate clear() method.
f)Write a program to copy a dictionary using copy().
15.Perform the following dictionary operations
a)Write a Python program to create a dictionary with 5 key-value pairs.
b)Write a program to access a value using its key.
c)Write a program to add a new key-value pair to a dictionary.
d)Write a program to update the value of an existing key.
e)Write a program to delete a key-value pair.
f)Write a program to find the length of a dictionary.
g)Write a program to check whether a key exists in a dictionary.
h)Write a program to merge two dictionaries.
16.Perform the following file operations
a)To write to a file
b)To read from a file
c)To append to a file
17.Create a class and perform the following inheritance
a)Single Inheritance
b)Multilevel Inheritance
c)Multiple Inheritance
d)Hierarchical Inheritance
e)Hybrid Inheritance
18.Write a program to show method overloading in Python
19.Write a program to show method overriding in Python

